README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://badge.fury.io/py/scrapy-fake-useragent.svg
     :target: http://badge.fury.io/py/scrapy-fake-useragent
     :alt: PyPI version

.. image:: https://requires.io/github/alecxe/scrapy-fake-useragent/requirements.svg?branch=master
     :target: https://requires.io/github/alecxe/scrapy-fake-useragent/requirements/?branch=master
     :alt: Requirements Status

scrapy-fake-useragent
=====================

Random User-Agent middleware based on
`fake-useragent <https://pypi.python.org/pypi/fake-useragent>`__. It
picks up ``User-Agent`` strings based on `usage
statistics <http://www.w3schools.com/browsers/browsers_stats.asp>`__
from a `real world database <http://useragentstring.com/>`__.

Configuration
-------------

Turn off the built-in ``UserAgentMiddleware`` and add
``RandomUserAgentMiddleware``.

In Scrapy >=1.0:

::

    DOWNLOADER_MIDDLEWARES = {
        'scrapy.downloadermiddlewares.useragent.UserAgentMiddleware': None,
        'scrapy_fake_useragent.middleware.RandomUserAgentMiddleware': 400,
    }

In Scrapy <1.0:

::

    DOWNLOADER_MIDDLEWARES = {
        'scrapy.contrib.downloadermiddleware.useragent.UserAgentMiddleware': None,
        'scrapy_fake_useragent.middleware.RandomUserAgentMiddleware': 400,
    }

.. |GitHub version| image:: https://badge.fury.io/gh/alecxe%2Fscrapy-fake-useragent.svg
   :target: http://badge.fury.io/gh/alecxe%2Fscrapy-fake-useragent
.. |Requirements Status| image:: https://requires.io/github/alecxe/scrapy-fake-useragent/requirements.svg?branch=master
   :target: https://requires.io/github/alecxe/scrapy-fake-useragent/requirements/?branch=master

Commit message:

Allow assign different UA to each different proxy, this make it works with scrapy-proxies perfectly.

README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://badge.fury.io/py/scrapy-fake-useragent.svg
     :target: http://badge.fury.io/py/scrapy-fake-useragent
     :alt: PyPI version

.. image:: https://requires.io/github/alecxe/scrapy-fake-useragent/requirements.svg?branch=master
     :target: https://requires.io/github/alecxe/scrapy-fake-useragent/requirements/?branch=master
     :alt: Requirements Status

scrapy-fake-useragent
=====================

Random User-Agent middleware based on
`fake-useragent <https://pypi.python.org/pypi/fake-useragent>`__. It
picks up ``User-Agent`` strings based on `usage
statistics <http://www.w3schools.com/browsers/browsers_stats.asp>`__
from a `real world database <http://useragentstring.com/>`__.

Configuration
-------------

Turn off the built-in ``UserAgentMiddleware`` and add
``RandomUserAgentMiddleware``.

To use with middlewares of random proxy such as ``scrapy-proxies``, you need:

1, set ``RANDOM_UA_PER_PROXY`` to True to allow switch per proxy,

2, set priority of ``RandomUserAgentMiddleware`` to be greater than
``scrapy-proxies``, so that proxy is set before handle UA.

In Scrapy >=1.0:

::

    DOWNLOADER_MIDDLEWARES = {
        'scrapy.downloadermiddlewares.useragent.UserAgentMiddleware': None,
        'scrapy_fake_useragent.middleware.RandomUserAgentMiddleware': 400,
    }
    RANDOM_UA_PER_PROXY = False  # set to True to allow switch per proxy

In Scrapy <1.0:

::

    DOWNLOADER_MIDDLEWARES = {
        'scrapy.contrib.downloadermiddleware.useragent.UserAgentMiddleware': None,
        'scrapy_fake_useragent.middleware.RandomUserAgentMiddleware': 400,
    }
    RANDOM_UA_PER_PROXY = False  # set to True to allow switch per proxy

.. |GitHub version| image:: https://badge.fury.io/gh/alecxe%2Fscrapy-fake-useragent.svg
   :target: http://badge.fury.io/gh/alecxe%2Fscrapy-fake-useragent
.. |Requirements Status| image:: https://requires.io/github/alecxe/scrapy-fake-useragent/requirements.svg?branch=master
   :target: https://requires.io/github/alecxe/scrapy-fake-useragent/requirements/?branch=master
